who the hell are you and what are you
doing in our house seriously look I
brought us here because whatever you did
caused a disturbance bad enough that I
felt it which has never happened before
the stage when the [ __ ] blew up the
magistrates family took new bodies you
think of the aliens or insider parents
it's there is a fourth member of the
family the most dangerous of the law
it could be one of the kids gay
let's not forget our other problem or
would you like me to I'm happy for you
Morgan is pulling between this dimension
and yours
Lauren still has an entire army we're
talking hundreds of thousands all our
moves
ready
this world will soon be
[Applause]
submit to me thanks for the offer but
we'll pass
I'm driving a lake
[Music]
what we do now
where's the line the line that you will
cross
nice uniquor from your fear
[Music]
it's time for you to get out of threats
that a glowstick
must be great for trick-or-treating okay
easy hot topic
[Music]
you